Recursive algorithms are a useful programming technique when solving problems that can be broken down into smaller,
identical or similar sub-problems. Recursion can be considered as an elegant and concise alternative to traditional
iterative solutions, particularly when the problem can be easily expressed as a series of self-similar steps.

Advantages of Recursive Algorithms:

Simplicity
Recursive algorithms are often easier to understand and write, especially for problems that have
a natural recursive structure. For example, to calculate the factorial of a number, you can easily write a recursive
solution that calls itself with a decremented input until it reaches the base case.

Reusability
Recursive algorithms are reusable and modular, making them easy to test and maintain. A single recursive function
can be used to solve multiple problems, reducing the amount of code required.

Flexibility
Recursive algorithms can be adapted to solve a variety of problems, making them a versatile tool in your
programming toolbox. They can also be combined with other programming constructs such as loops and conditional
statements to solve complex problems.

Disadvantages of Recursive Algorithms:

Overhead
Recursive algorithms can be slower and more memory-intensive than iterative solutions, due to the overhead
of function calls and the need to store intermediate values on the call stack.

Complexity
Recursive algorithms can be more complex to understand and debug, particularly when the base case and recursive
steps are not well-defined.

Stack Overflow
Recursive algorithms can lead to stack overflow errors if the recursion depth becomes too great. To avoid this,
it is important to carefully consider the base case and recursive steps and ensure that the recursion will eventually terminate.

public static int factorial(int n) {
   if (n == 0) {
      return 1;
   }
   return n * factorial(n - 1);
}

In conclusion, recursive algorithms are a useful tool in programming, and they can simplify the solution to problems that have a recursive
structure. However, they should be used with caution, as they can be slower, more complex, and more memory-intensive than iterative solutions.

Reference
David J.Eck. (2022, May). Javanotes 9
Java Application. Introduction to Programming Using Java. https://math.hws.edu/javanotes/c2/s1.html
